Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture region display the current logged in user display name and this user name filled well
before then in order to have access to the values the user is going to type in, are going to visit
something known as test at that same controller.
Okay.
Now you're going to go to the top.
Over a year, we're going to create a slate variable.
You're going to see why we are creating a large variable that we want to call this medicine.
I'd.
They're going to set it to nothing for now that we can specify the type that it sees it tests.
It's in controller.
As well.
They're going to create for the.
Name.
So this is going to be late as well.
There's going to be name.
Controller is going to call this controller.
Meeting ID.
Controller.
Okay.
The courts are not in there.
We can then specify the type.
It is a type of test editing controller.
Okay.
Now, what are going to do now is.
They're going to bind this two variables to the two test fields.
So over this is the first one we tend to test field.
You're going to see a controller.
The controller is going to be the meeting ID controller.
Then.
For the name.
Is going to be comptroller is going to be name comptroller.
So by doing this, we're going to be able to list in for the values.
Okay.
Now, what you're going to do next is we're going to pass the user name to the user display name to
the.
User name field.
Okay.
Now to do this for a lot of reasons not to initiate in states that are using this state.
You're going to need to convert our stateless widgets instead for widgets.
So these control.
Control and dots converts to stateful widgets.
Okay, great.
Now we're recognizing this data and you're going to see where we are in the late.
Okay.
In this state.
Okay, now we are going to initialize this medicine.
The controller normally would see.
Is equipped to test it.
The controller tested the controller.
Right.
But we are not doing this.
So now what we're going to do, we're going to do it inside this in this state.
The reason for this in this state is we want to fire what you call the test.
It is the controller.
Any time this.
Video calls loads.
So that's the reason for the in this state.
So what we're going to do now is really say meeting idea controller.
That is not very well.
It's going to be quite a test.
It's a controller.
So we all are using the test to test tested.
Went over to the video screen page loads.
Okay.
So this is going to be name.
Controller.
That is going to be equal to.
Just that the two controllers are.
Right.
Okay.
Just add the 10th controller.
Controller.
Just so it's in.
Okay.
I got it now.
Okay, great.
Now, like I said, what you're going to do next status.
Retina display the correct.
Logged and user displayed them over you.
Not to do that.
Remembering our old controller.
Our arts.
Okay.
I think controllers then the odds of this Coca-Cola we have available via quad user wish.
Has the wish has the values of all our users that is that is displayed in the email and everything attached
to that.
It logs that user, it is available and is variable.
And I see no we can't access this variable which out of it assess so this class.
Right, so before we have access to this, we need to have access to this for us.
Okay.
So now what we're going to do is we're going to go back to the.
Videos all screen and be.
Now we're gonna work on the need to initialize that.
So we're going to see finer.
Right.
FINA is going to be.
Odds Control.
All right.
It's going to be on it's called arts control.
It's going to be a quality test.
So.
What controller?
You already know.
What this does is the type of the suit we are saying this is the type of this is the controller is the
type of that class.
Well, most of the time you don't really need is that you don't really need to specify the type.
You can just go with that.
Okay.
Now you can have assets that are available in that class, right?
So now this is a controller.
It has something that we have not seen before.
It's as it says.
So you can actually pass in a default test or via.
And it's going to be a valuable day.
Okay, I think.
Okay.
They can see it.
It's available, right?
Okay.
So you can assure the.
As of today.
So I will be doing the passenger for the mitten controller for now.
So nevertheless, it's for the.
For the name controller.
So you're going to see test.
This is going to be the user name, right?
So they're going to say, oh, the score or it's controller.
Standard.
User standards this filename.
Okay.
Great.
Nice catch on this disease and go check it out.
Now we actually got an error.
I don't really know if you can see because it's good to work on the tannoy is not displaying the display.
Okay.
The book also.
We can actually see this.
Well, the reason why is not as plain or probably you got the error or you might see the error there
is in this all display is because you are using in late or via it's a variable for this test.
It is a controller and for the now the display name is currently not available because we are using
the word delete.
So enough to make it a variable, we need to refresh it.
Refresh everything.
And then it's going to be available for nice and available, right?
The reason for the lead as well is so we are able to call this test.
It is the controller letter that is we sort of we we had to have say.
Test is equal to test it to control our rights.
Well, we are just saying we don't want to use that now.
So we are going to use it later on.
Now over here and then this database.
That's right.
Okay.
And for the United States, they're basically saying.
Once the video screen loads, then everything is going to run.
Okay, hopefully in this bag.
But we don't understand as far as the process goes, you going to get everything?
Lights works.
Okay now with the click on, join within.
Okay, great.
You can see the corridor logged in user display name or via write words.
So remember in the future I just have to look for a way to explain data to you.
So you understand.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
Seen in this lecture.